feat(express): take walletPassphrase as body parameter (#5679)
BitGo/BitGoJS: modules/express/EXTERNAL_SIGNER.md

yarn ts-node <path/to/fetchEncryptedPrivKeys.ts>
```

### Wallet passphrase 

> In order for the external signer instance of BitGo Express to decrypt the private key, the wallet passphrase must be configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for the external signer instance of BitGo Express to decrypt the private key, the wallet passphrase is required. This can be supplied by one of the below methods. 
```

#### Sending as a body parameter (recommended)

> Set the parameter `walletPassphrase: <YOUR_WALLET_PASSPHRASE>` (without <>) in the POST request.

Reviewer: Please link the endpoint path for signing payload please.
